The quick brown fox jumps over the lazy dog.
A microwave used incorrectly can cause frizzled heir.
I tripped over a hole that was sticking up out of the ground.
The trouble with this country is that there are too many politicians who believe, with a conviction based on experience, that you can fool all of the people all of the time.
Life may have no meaning, or, even worse, it may have a meaning of which you disapprove.
They will only cause the lower classes to move about needlessly.
It's like deja vu all over again.
A friend in power is a friend lost.
Power is not only what you have but what the enemy thinks you have.
The other day I bought a wastebasket and brought it home in a paper bag. And when I got home I put the paper bag in the wastebasket.
I can't cook. I use a smoke alarm as a timer.
My husband says I treat him like he's a god; every meal is a burnt offering.
First rule: Do not use semicolons. They are transvestite hermaphrodites representing absolutely nothing. All they do is show you've been to college. -Kurt Vonnegut
Did you hear about the practical joker who sent an anonymous telegram to the town's ten leading citizens? It read: "All has been found out. Flee before dawn." Seven of the ten did.
Crime pays. The hours are good and you travel a lot.
No nice men are good at getting taxis.
A smart husband is one who thinks twice before saying nothing.
How does a man show he is planning for the future? He buys two cases of beer instead of one.
Ever since Eve gave Adam the apple, there has been a misunderstanding between the sexes about gifts.
Have you ever had one of those nights when you didn't want to go out... but your hair looked too good to stay home?
What did the flasher say to the woman in subzero weather? "It's so cold -- should I just describe myself?"
On cable TV they have a weather channel -- twenty four hours of weather. We had something like that where I grew up. We called it a window.
Wives are people who feel they don't dance enough.
Basically my wife was immature. I'd be at home in the bath and she'd come in and sink my boats.
There is no robber worse than a bad book.
In order to live free and happily you must sacrifice boredom. It is not always an easy sacrifice.
Falling in love is a lot like dying. You never get to do it enough to become good at it.
The person who can smile when something goes wrong has thought of someone to blame it on.
The trouble with the rat race is that even if you win, you're still a rat.
Did you hear that two rabbits escaped from the zoo and so far they have only recaptured 116 of them?
The best way to avoid responsibilities is to say, "I've got responsibilities."
The second best policy is dishonesty.
Love all, trust a few, do wrong to none.
Be not afraid of greatness. Some are born great, some achieve greatness, and others have greatness thrust upon them.
I would challenge you to a battle of wits, but I see you are unarmed!
There is nothing either good or bad, but thinking makes it so.
All the world's a stage, And all the men and women merely players; They have their exits and their entrances; And one man in his time plays many parts, His acts being seven ages.
Hell is empty and all the devils are here.
By the pricking of my thumbs, something wicked this way comes.
Double, double, toil and trouble; Fire burn, and cauldron bubble!
I like this place and could willingly waste my time in it.
Listen to many, speak to a few.
Winning isn't everything. It's the only thing.
Where you stand depends on where you sit.
The secret to success is sincerity. Once you can fake that, you've got it made.
I can resist everything except temptation. -Oscar Wilde
Under capitalism, man exploits man. Under communism, it's just the opposite.
Never go to a doctor whose office plants have died.
It would be nice to be sure of anything the way some people are of everything.
Old age is too high a price to pay for maturity.
People say that what we're all seeking is a meaning for life. I don't think that's what we're really seeking. I think that what we're seeking is an experience of being alive, so that our life experiences on the purely physical plane will have resonances with our own innermost being and reality, so that we actually feel the rapture of being alive.
The best time to plant a tree was 20 years ago. The second best time is now.
A sentence should contain no unnecessary words, a paragraph no unnecessary sentences, for the same reason that a drawing should have no unnecessary lines and a machine no unnecessary parts.
We are what we pretend to be, so we must be careful about what we pretend to be.
Nothing in the world can take the place of perseverance. Talent will not; nothing is more common than unsuccessful people with talent. Genius will not; unrewarded genius is almost a proverb. Education will not; the world is full of educated derelicts. Persistence and determination alone are onmipotent.
You can't leave where you are until you decide where you would rather be.
Everything in life is a lesson; if you keep repeating the same pattern, you haven't passed the lesson.
When you are ready to give up, you are closer than you think.
De qweek braun faux jamps aver de leze daug.
I never made a mistake in my life. I thought I did once, but I was wrong.
The only certainty is that nothing is certain.
If you own a machine, you are in turn owned by it, and spend your time serving it.
The only way to stop a runaway horse is to bet on it.
If pro is the opposite of con, then what's the opposite of congress?
The IQ of a dysfunctional group is the lowest IQ of a member of the group divided by the number of people in the group.
The two most common things in the Universe are hydrogen and stupidity
A radioactive cat has eighteen half-lives.
I've already told you more than I know.
